Update branching.md (#737)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/getting-started/branching.md

subsection: Getting Started
---

> Mattermost used to adopt a [tick-tock release strategy](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-faq.html#release-overview) where every other release was a "quality release" that only had bug fixes and no new features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost previously adopted a [tick-tock release strategy](https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-faq.html#release-overview) where every other release was a "quality release" that only had bug fixes and no new features.
```
